The President:
Hi, everybody.
It's now been four years since a
crisis that began on Wall Street
spread to Main Street, hammering
middle-class families and
ultimately costing our
economy 9 million jobs.
Since then, we've
fought our way back.
Our businesses have added
more than 5 million new jobs.
The unemployment rate has fallen
to the lowest level since I
took office.
Home values are rising again.
And our assembly lines
are humming once more.
And to make sure America never
goes through a crisis like that
again, we passed tough new
Wall Street reform to end
taxpayer-funded
bailouts for good.
Wall Street reform also created
the first-ever independent
consumer watchdog, whose sole
job is to look out for you.
That means making sure you've
got all the information you need
to make important financial
decisions like buying a home or
paying for college.
And it means going after anyone
who tries to take advantage of
you, or rip you off.
Starting this month, that
includes the folks who come up
with your credit score.
If you haven't checked
out your credit score
recently, you should.
It can have a major
impact on your life.
It can determine whether or not
you qualify for a loan or what
kind of interest
you have to pay.
It can even affect your chances
of renting an apartment or
getting a job.
But here's the thing: the
companies that put your credit
score together
can make mistakes.
They may think you had a loan
or a credit card that was
never yours.
They may think you were late
making a payment when you
were on time.
And when they mess up,
you're the one who suffers.
Until this week, if
you had a complaint,
you took it to the company.
Sometimes they listened.
Sometimes they didn't.
But that was pretty much it.
They were your only real hope.
Well, not anymore.
If you have a complaint about
your credit score that hasn't
been properly
addressed, you can go to
ConsumerFinance.gov/complaint
and let the consumer
watchdog know.
Not only will they bring your
complaint directly to the
company in question, they'll
give you a tracking number,
so you can check back and see
exactly what's being done on
your behalf.
And fixing your credit score
isn't the only thing they
can help with.
If you're opening
a bank account,
trying to get a student loan, or
applying for a credit card and
something doesn't seem right,
you can let them know and
they'll check it out.
If you're looking to buy a home,
and you want to know if you're
getting a fair deal
on your mortgage,
you can give them a call and
they'll get you an answer.
Their only mission
is to fight for you.
And when needed,
they'll take action.
For example, alongside
other regulators,
they recently ordered three big
credit card companies to return
more than $400 million to folks
who were deceived or misled into
buying things they didn't
want or didn't understand.
That's what Wall Street
reform is all about --
looking out for working families
and making sure that everyone is
playing by the same rules.
Sadly, that hasn't been enough
to stop Republicans in Congress
from fighting these reforms.
Backed by an army of
financial industry lobbyists,
they've been waging an
all-out battle to delay,
de-fund and dismantle
these new rules.
I refuse to let that happen.
I believe that the free market
is one of the greatest forces
for progress in human history,
and that the true engine of job
creation in this country
is the private sector,
not the government.
But I also believe that the
free market has never been about
taking whatever you want,
however you can get it.
Alongside our innovative spirit,
America only prospers when we
meet certain obligations
to one another,
and when we all play by
the same set of rules.
We've come too far -- and
sacrificed too much --
to go back to an era of
top-down, on-your-own economics.
And as long as I'm President,
we're going to keep moving this
country forward so
that everyone --
whether you start a
business or punch a clock --
can have confidence that if you
work hard, you can get ahead.
Thanks and have a great weekend.